# KNelsonE.github.io
# Beneath The Shell
#### Video Demo:  <URL HERE>
## Description:
This is a website that educates people on the value, fun and significance of turtles in our lives. It includes beautiful images and a video to immerse the visitor in the experience. There are 8 webpages, 9 images and one video.Each page has navigation links to other pages on my website. In some cases, the links are to other websites based on the selected topic of interest. The website is hosted by github pages, and was written using Visual Studio Code in my own development environment.
#### Title Page (index.html):
The website starts off with a title and navigation page, entitled "Beneath the Shell". On this page is a short paragraph of text at the bottom to describe the behavior turtles are known for and an invitaton to discover more.When the visitor's pointer or mouse hovers over the paragraph of text,it highlights the area in blue. In the page header is the title. Just underneath the header are text with embedded links that act as buttons. These buttons navigate the visitor to another page on the website based on their selected interest. The 5 main pages that the buttons provide  links for are as follows: "Conservation", "Snorkel Encounters", "Turtles As Pets", "Turtle Photography", and "Turtle Toys". There is a background image of a tortoise shell up close that covers the body area of the page. Overlaid on the background is a stunning image of sea turtle gliding through clear blue waters.
#### Turtles Everywhere page (page1.html):
At the top of the page just above the header is the "HOME" button. This is text with an embedded link that looks like a button that navigates the visitor back to the homepage of the website. The title is "Turtles Everywhere". Just underneath the header are text with embedded links that act as buttons. These buttons give the visitor the option to navigate to one of the other four main pages on the website based on their selected interest.There is a background image of a tortoise shell up close that covers the body area of the page. Overlaid on the background is an image of a cute picture of a stuffed toy turtle posed to look like he is sipping coffee. On this page also is a short paragraph of text at the bottom to discuss the fun ways to incorporate turtles into our lives, even with programming. Just underneath this paragraph are text with embedded links that act as buttons. These buttons invite the visitor to discover more by navigating to a choice of 5 websites of retailers for turtle products. When the visitor's pointer or mouse hovers over the paragraph of text or the navigation buttons, it highlights the area in blue using CSS section hover.
#### Turtles in the Lens page (page2.html):
At the top of the page just above the header is the "HOME" button. This is text with an embedded link that looks like a button that navigates the visitor back to the homepage of the website. The title is "Turtles In The Lens". Just underneath the header are text with embedded links that act as buttons. These buttons give the visitor the option to navigate to one of the other four main pages on the website based on their selected interest.There is a background image of a tortoise shell up close that covers the body area of the page. Overlaid on the background is an image of a close up of a sea turtle profile. On this page also is a short paragraph of text at the bottom to discuss the difference between tortoises and turtles. Just underneath this paragraph are text with embedded links that act as buttons. These buttons invite the visitor to discover more by navigating to a choice of 5 websites of retailers for turtle products. When the visitor's pointer or mouse hovers over the paragraph of text or the navigation buttons, it highlights the area in blue using CSS section hover.
#### Take A Turtle Home page (page3.html):
At the top of the page just above the header is the "HOME" button. This is text with an embedded link that looks like a button that navigates the visitor back to the homepage of the website. The title is "Take A Turtle Home". Just underneath the header are text with embedded links that act as buttons. These buttons give the visitor the option to navigate to one of the other four main pages on the website based on their selected interest.There is a background image of a tortoise shell up close that covers the body area of the page. Overlaid on the background is an image of a common pet turtle on a gravel road. On this page also is a short paragraph of text at the bottom to discuss the best way to go about buying turtle and which to get. Just underneath this paragraph are text with embedded links that act as buttons. These buttons invite the visitor to discover more by navigating to a choice of 4 websites of the best resources for advice on turtle care and adoption. When the visitor's pointer or mouse hovers over the paragraph of text or the navigation buttons, it highlights the area in blue using CSS section hover.
#### See Them In Their Habitat page (page4.html):
At the top of the page just above the header is the "HOME" button. This is text with an embedded link that looks like a button that navigates the visitor back to the homepage of the website. The title is "See Them In their Habitat". Just underneath the header are text with embedded links that act as buttons. These buttons give the visitor the option to navigate to one of the other four main pages on the website based on their selected interest.There is a background image of a tortoise shell up close that covers the body area of the page. Overlaid on the background is an image of a tropical coral and marine life. On this page also is a short paragraph of text at the bottom to discuss the best way to go about buying a turtle and which to get. Just underneath this paragraph are text with embedded links that act as buttons. These buttons invite the visitor to discover more by navigating to a choice of 7 websites to learn more about the places I consider to be the best 7 for snorkeling to see turtles. An eigth navigation button ledas them to an webpage on my website to wacth a video. When the visitor's pointer or mouse hovers over the paragraph of text or the navigation buttons, it highlights the area in blue using CSS section hover.
#### Conservation page(page5.html):
At the top of the page just above the header is the "HOME" button. This is text with an embedded link that looks like a button that navigates the visitor back to the homepage of the website. The title is "Support and Education". Just underneath the header are text with embedded links that act as buttons. These buttons give the visitor the option to navigate to one of the other four main pages on the website based on their selected interest.There is a background image of a tortoise shell up close that covers the body area of the page. Overlaid on the background is a stunning picture of sea turtle swimming from the depths up to the water's surface. On this page also is a short paragraph of text at the bottom to discuss the care that is being given to prevent their abuse. Just underneath this paragraph are text with embedded links that act as buttons. These buttons invite the visitor to discover more by navigating to a choice of 7 websites that are of special interest to this topic. When the visitor's pointer or mouse hovers over the paragraph of text or the navigation buttons, it highlights the area in blue using CSS section hover.
#### Turtles in the Lens/Capturing their Story page (page6.html):
At the top of the page just above the header is the "HOME" button. This is text with an embedded link that looks like a button that navigates the visitor back to the homepage of the website. The title is "Turtles in the Lens" and "Capturing Their Story". This page is accessed only by the link on page 2. Just underneath the header is text with an embedded link that acts as a button. This button give the visitor the option to navigate back to the parent page. There is a background image of a tortoise shell up close that covers the body area of the page. Overlaid on the background are two images of awarding winning turtle phtography. On this page also is a short paragraph of text at the bottom to encourage the visitor to see things throgh other's eyes. Just underneath this paragraph are text with embedded links that act as buttons. These buttons invite the visitor to discover more by navigating to a choice of 3 websites to see some of the best photography avaiable publicly of turtles. When the visitor's pointer or mouse hovers over the paragraph of text or the navigation buttons, it highlights the area in blue using CSS section hover.
#### Snorkel Encounters page(page7.html):
At the top of the page just above the header is the "HOME" button. This is text with an embedded link that looks like a button that navigates the visitor back to the homepage of the website. The title is "Turtles in the Lens" and "Capturing Their Story". This page is accessed only by the link on page 4. Just underneath the header is text with an embedded link that acts as a button. This button give the visitor the option to navigate back to the parent page. There is a background image of a tortoise shell up close that covers the body area of the page. Overlaid on the background is an embedded video using iframe tags. On this page also is a short paragraph of text to credit the video's producers.When the visitor's pointer or mouse hovers over the paragraph of text or the video, it highlights the area in blue using CSS section hover.
## Project status:
I view this site as completed for the purpose of the CS50 final project, but I plan to continue adding and changing this website as I learn more later.
